---
tags:
  - Anthropologist/Power
  - RQ
  - Assumptions
---
"Methods = Technique for gen knwl"

## Disciplines & Objects of Analysis
- Starting place
	- Researchers assumption of truth
	- Group phenomena vs individual intention

## RQ Sentence Skeleton
1. Situating how general or specific, and relationship to knwl
	1. To;
		1. Explore
		2. Understand
		3. Descr.
		4. Demo.
		5. Test
2. Subject
3. What
4. ?
	1. Q: How, Why…
5. Contextual object

>Established existing knwl
>Dictate qualitative or quantitative
>Relative to how mature a domain of science is.
>A spectrum based on how precise the research will me, and how many assumptions there is accepted

- Avoid;
	- value judgement (use neutral lang.)
- Participating in a community when *situating yourself*
- Do the community think the assumptions are reasonable

### Exercise
To demonstrate how NLP can enhance market research: Using LLMs to adopt digital personas, and roleplay focus groups to

To demonstrate LLMs' roleplaying ability in market research: How representable digital personas can perform, and the value proposition that well-performing personas have for focus groups' facilitators

Demonstrating LLMs roleplaying ability for market research (conjoint analysis)

To demonstrate how LLMs can adopt digital personas and roleplay …

>Ignoring blackbox

### What Type of Q Do You Have
Angle:
- sociological/society
- anthropological/cultural
- psychological/mind
	- idiosyncratic

Should affect which theoretical frameworks/methods to be used

### Absorption Scale Experiment
1. QA
	1. y
	2. y
	3. y
	4. y
	5. y
	6. y
	7. n
	8. n
	9. n
	10. n
	11. n
	12. n
	13. n
	14. y
	15. n

### Exercise: Why Would Some1 Start 2 Smoke
1. Social friction
2. Romantic desire
3. Self destruction
4. Boredom
	1. Dopamin chasing
## Data & Sampling
Random sample required
- Ind. resp.- vs cultural data
	- Knwl
		- Interpretation
		- Denominating consent
- saturation
	- No more info from further interviews
